2833 semantic html meter (#2853)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/semantic-html/terms/meter/meter.md

---
Title: '<meter>'

> Description: 'Represents either a fractional value or a scalar value within a known range.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Represents a value within a known range.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Semantic'
  - 'Tags'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The `<meter>` semantic tag represents either a fractional value or a scalar value within a known range. Also known as a gauge. Used to represent a range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`<meter>`** semantic tag is used to represent a fractional or a scalar value within a known range. This form of representation is also known as a gauge. 
```

> **Note**: The `<meter>` tag should not be used to indicate progress (as in a progress bar).

## Syntax

The `<meter>` is written as `<meter></meter>` with any contents inserted between the start and end tags:

> ```pseudo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```html
```

<meter>
    <!-- Meter content goes here. -->
</meter>
```

## Example

Below is an example of the `<meter>` tag being used to display disk usage:

```html
<p>Disk Usage <meter min="100" max="1000" value="80" title="GB"></meter>.</p>
```

> ![Output of the meter tag example](https://github.com/droffilc1/docs/blob/6b4653764614e33f5640a7fe0528eb015e758b86/media/meter.png)

Reviewer: the link should use this form-
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/file-name.png

Reviewer: I would also advise that to use a longer, more descriptive name for the image

Author: > the link should use this form- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/file-name.png

@caupolicandiaz I Am having trouble getting the link in that format

Reviewer: I don't think you have the file saved in the correct location. Within the docs folder there is a media folder that contains all the docs images.

We also have information regarding file hosting in our style guide you may want to review -
https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/style-guide.md

---
Title: '<meter>'
Description: 'Represents either a fractional value or a scalar value within a known range.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Semantic'
  - 'Tags'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The `<meter>` semantic tag is used to represent a fractional or a scalar value within a known range. This form of representation is known as a gauge.

> > **Note**: The `<meter>` tag should not be used to indicate progress (as in a progress bar).

Reviewer 2: [Proofreading] I just published an entry on the `<progress>` element, so consider adding the link to this statement just as I did here:
```suggestion
> **Note**: The `<meter>` tag should not be used to indicate [progress (as in a progress bar)](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/semantic-html/progress).
```

## Syntax

> The `<meter>` is written as `<meter></meter>` with any contents inserted between the start and end tags:
> 
> ```html
> <meter>
>     <!-- Meter content goes here. -->
> </meter>
> ```
> 

Reviewer 2: [Proofreading] Mention the min and max values in the syntax and a little note about how they must be implemented. Doing so would help developers and people who use coding in their work understand how to effectively use the `<meter>` element.   
```suggestion
The `<meter>` is written as `<meter></meter>` with any contents inserted between the start and end tags:

```html
<meter min="number" max="number">
    <!-- Meter content goes here. -->
</meter>
```
>**Note:** When using the max and min attribute in the `<meter>` element, they should define the range so that the value's attribute can appear within it, except if the value is between 0 and 1.
```

Reviewer 2: You forgot to work on this one @droffilc1

## Example

Below is an example of the `<meter>` tag being used to display disk usage:

```html
<p>Disk Usage <meter min="100" max="1000" value="80" title="GB"></meter>.</p>
```
### Output of The Meter Tag Example

> ![Output of the meter tag example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media//meter.png)

Reviewer 2: [Suggestion] I highly recommend using a smaller picture so the picture can show up clearly.
```suggestion
![Output of the meter tag example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media//meter.png)
```

Reviewer 2: Check out this one too @droffilc1

Author: How do I do that? @CBID2

Reviewer 2: Consider using [this tool](https://imageresizer.com/) to shrink your image @droffilc1

Author: Okay. Thanks!

---
Title: '<meter>'
Description: 'Represents either a fractional value or a scalar value within a known range.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Semantic'
  - 'Tags'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The `<meter>` semantic tag is used to represent a fractional or a scalar value within a known range. This form of representation is known as a gauge.

> **Note**: The `<meter>` tag should not be used to indicate [progress](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/semantic-html/progress).

## Syntax

The `<meter>` is written as `<meter></meter>` with any contents inserted between the start and end tags:

```html
<meter>
    <!-- Meter content goes here. -->
</meter>
```

```html
<meter min="number" max="number">
    <!-- Meter content goes here. -->
</meter>
```

> > **Note**: When using the max and min attributes in the <meter> element, they should define the range so that the value's attribute can appear within it, except if the value is between 0 and 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The default values for the `min` and `max` attributes are `0` and `1`. These attributes should be updated to create the appropriate range for the given context.
```

## Example

Below is an example of the `<meter>` tag being used to display disk usage:

```html

> <p>Disk Usage <meter min="100" max="1000" value="80" title="GB"></meter>.</p>

Reviewer: these values don't work together, and this code doesn't match the image

Author: I have made the changes.
